Guo Yiming, can you stop sleeping?
Miss Lin, I have something to tell you.
Let's go out and talk
Miss Lin
I know because of the Lins
Guo Yuning saved me this time
I don't want to be with you.
I know I shouldn't say this in my capacity
But Mr. Gu is really not what you think
I have followed Mr. Gu for so many years
His heart is actually very soft and kind
He has already liked you
It's just that he doesn't dare to admit it.
I like what you do
Do you think he did that to me?
Because I like it
Mr. Gu, he just doesn't know how to love someone
Because after he turned 10
No one loves him anymore
When you suddenly disappeared from the hospital
Mr. Gu is having a meeting abroad
I will come back to you as soon as I hear the news.
When you were taken away by Mr. Wei
He pretended not to care on the surface
In fact, secretly, I have been sending people to investigate everywhere
I thought you were taken advantage of by Mr. Wei
He would rather offend Mr. Wei than bring you back
Not even installed
In the month since you left Mr. Gu
He asked the coffee shop owner to take care of you more
No matter how busy I am, I will make time to see you
He can't rest assured until you get home safely
Then why is he
Never told me this